I would say my diet
is quite healthy.
Although, I do
allow myself to have
treats every now and then
or at special occasions.
I eat, pretty much, everything.
I'm not a fussy eater at all.
So I like to stick to lots
of protein and veggies,
but I also love chocolate.
So, pretty much,
every day, I might
have a bit of chocolate, which
might not be the best for me,
but it gets me through the day.
Apart from that,
I eat all dairy.
I don't have any
allergies or anything.
So I'm, very much, open
to trying new foods.
But I have a few staples
that I know how to cook.
So pasta, chicken,
steak. that I like
to keep to, just because I
know how to cook them well,
and they're cheap and easy.
I am pescaterian, which
means I don't eat any meat,
except for fish and seafood.
And wherever possible, I try
and avoid eating fish, dairy,
and eggs, as well.
I'm mainly pescaterian
for environmental reasons
and animal rights reasons.
My diet when I'm home
mainly consists of foods
that are not highly processed.
So I try and cook a
lot of vegetables,
but I'm also
terrible at cooking.
So I eat a lot of pasta, soups,
pretty basic curries, bean
mixes.
That sort of thing.
When I'm not at home, I tend to
eat a lot of takeaway and just,
food that's really
cheap to get on the go.